[doc] PR for Doc changes needed for renaming platform based on the new nomenclature (#12151)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/manage/backup-restore/snapshots-ycql.md

{{< tip title="Automation" >}}

> This guide explains how to snapshot and restore data on YugabyteDB. YugabyteDB Anywhere and Yugabyte Cloud automate all of these manual steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to snapshot and restore data on YugabyteDB. YugabyteDB Anywhere and YugabyteDB Managed automate all of these manual steps.
```
